REAL statistics of Shooting of GSW players in 2016

In 2016 seasons, Golden State Warriors finished their 1st in Western
Conference. GSW players had very extraordinary performances in the
season. We got and analysis the shooting data of five GSW players:
Andre, Curry, Green, Durant and Thompson and let’s take a look how they
perform in 2016.First, we can see five players’ summaries of their
performance in 2016 season. We look at his performance summary: From the
report we can see most players made more 2PT filed shoot than 3PT shoot.
The max distance of 2PT field shoot is 71 and the minimum distance is
just 0. The max distance of 2PT field shoot is from Curry and he is the
only player who has more 3PT field shoot than 2PT ones. We can imply
that Curry is better at long distance shooting than shorter ones. In the
season Curry made jump shot most because it’s useful for longer-distance
shooting.The other player who made a lot of jump shot is Thompson, who
also made a lot of 3PT shooting.

Now, we can take a look that the player’s shooting efficiency. First,
from the report of two PT effective shooting, we can see that Durant has
made the most 2PT shoot and has a very good efficiency. Andre has the
best efficiency but the number he made is far less than the other
players.

On the other hand, from the report of 3 PT field shoot, we can see that
Curry has made the most 3PT shoot and has a good efficiency. Thompson
has also made a lot of 3PT shoot and he has the best efficiency.
However, we can see that overall, players has a better performance and
efficiency on 2PT shoot than 3PT shoot.

From the report of effective shooting, we can see that Curry had tried
most shooting and is the best shooter in the team. Andre has made least
shoot, but in fact he has a very good efficiency.

Finally let’s look at their shooting position. From the graph we can see
there is no explicit relationship between the position and the accuracy.
There are many other factors that influence the player’s performance.
Also, the player has a relatively equal accuracy in shooting that there
is no very big difference between their efficiency.
